Marketing saas build amarketing saassuite that does all the stuff outlined in the doc. maybe poweredat first at least by free open source ai with generous ratelimitsand build inintelligent modelswitching if ratelimitsare hit. intelligent structure that does that. im thinking gmeini 2.5, deepseek v3 base via openrouter, maybe someother freeones with good rate limits. i dont want mockfeatures. i dont ant pretend features that looklike what i want. i want no fluff. only realltop notch professional fully functioning features. i also included to cotext docs. add the context docs (code-refactoring and hyper rational software docs) to the project so they can be referenced at each stage to ensure ur build is compliant with context outlines.  alsomake sure its optimizes for scalability but at first fully functions which a basic tier digitalocean droplet since thats what i have. i will have other data and website hosted on the digital ocean vps so make sure the architecture once deployed wont interferewith existing shiton the droplet.  onsider leveraging Free External AI Services for inference beyond droplet computtional capabilities. intelligently cycling them asratelimitshit if they hit.
Hugging Face Inference API: Free tier with limitations Replicate: Limited free inference for community models Google Colab: Free GPU access (with time limits)
 also ai ugc would be good.i included a document witha. theroetical architectureforitand i want i included in the marketing saas. if u have a better architecture do that but i jsut wanteda framework u can model orconsider.  also make a cool saas landing page for the website.soiwantlandingpage and then viathatyoucan sign up, look at tier subscriptionandorpurchaseoptions(considerbest practices monetization strcuture) andthena way via thesite to accessthe web app thatis the marketing saas. also i wantyoutoincludecoolapple.comlevelprofessionallandingpage animations likethekind of stuffpeopel design in framer. integrateopen source framer library material to do that. iffor somereason u cando that letmeknowandillmanually findframer librariesand try to import. alsodont go crazy with incremental responses asking whatsteps iwantbuild. BUILD ALL THE STEP OF EVERYTHING INCLUDED ALL THE WY THROUGH BEFORE HITTTINGCHECKPOINT ANDASKINGME ME FOR NEXT STEP. I wantthe fully created webstie and web app made before u respond tomaximize efficient token usage/ratelimits of replit. DONT WASTEMY TOKENS! You should have more thanenough info fromwhatiprovided tobuild it oiut withoutmemicromanaging each step.  also make sure it has content scheduling featuresto do this too "Schedule your content everywhere in seconds The simplest way to post and grow on all platforms. Built for creators and small teams without the ridiculous price tag.
Post to all major platforms in one click Schedule content for the perfect posting time Customize content for each platform Generate viral videos using our studio templates"
attahced allpatforms it shouldbe capableof schedulingandposting to.
